---
date: 2022-10-01
layout: recipe
title:  "Lasagna"
image: lasagna.jpg
imagecredit: https://openverse.org/image/d78a5393-e4a6-462f-8a0d-5ca4795ed057
tags: lasagna

ingredients:

directions:

---

From [Cooking With Alkali: Lasagna on October 1, 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXe0BQvl_PE&list=PLQYPT6tB8lNZiHXGgc2kKrcj1FABFiiek&index=2)

Sauce:
- 2 TBL EVOO
- 1 Large Onion, Diced
- 2 tsp Garlic Minced
- 3# Ground Beef
- 2# Spicy Italian Sausage
- 2 tsp Salt &  pepper

Coat the bottom of your pot with the EVOO and sweat the onion, Put in the garlic and heat for 1 more min before putting in the meat. Season the meat with Salt & pepper until cooked through. Drain & return to the pot.

- 32 - 35oz Tomato Sauce
- 24oz Tomato Paste

Pour broth sauce & Paste into meat mixture * rinse every can with water, pouring the water into the pot as well. 3/4 can of water for each can of sauce, 1/2 a can of water TWICE for each can of the paste.

- 1 TBL Garlic Powder
- 2 tsp Oregano
- 1 tsp Ground Sage
- 1.5 TBL Chili Powder
- 3 TBL Italian Seasoning

Stir & cook on medium heat, stirring every 15 min. cook until it has reduced by about 1/4 giving a nice thick sauce. takes anywhere from 2 to 3 hours.

Ricotta Filling:
- 15oz Whole Milk Ricotta
- 1 Cup freshly grated Parmesan Cheese
- 2 Eggs
- 1 TBL EVOO
- 1 TBL Parsley
- 1 tsp Oregano
- 1 tsp Basil
- 1/2 tsp Black Pepper
- 1/2 tsp Garlic Powder
- 1/2 tsp onion powder
- 1/4 tsp Salt

Combine all ingredients and mix well, setting off to the side.

Building the final dish
- 2 Boxes Lasagna Noodles
- Fresh Mozzarella
- Shredded Mozzarella

On the bottom of the pan, cover in sauce
- Layer of noodles
- Layer of sauce
- Layer of Fresh Mozzarella (More sauce to make a flat lair)
- Layer of noodles
- Layer of Ricotta
- Layer of sauce
- Layer of Noodles
- layer sauce
- Layer of shredded Mozzarella
- Final layer of sauce

Bake, covered at 350 for 30 min.

If desired, after done, uncover and put a lair of parm at the top, broil just until browned, about 2 - 3 min.
